Dead with the rain we are half-issed away,
A-plen-ting the ma-ma-i-ta.
Dead with the rain, half-dead with the grief,
We're a-tee-n-ga-sh-tee-w-a-pa-n.
When in a ma-cl-it I've been tied up down,
And been l-a-me-da-n-on mess-a-nose,
When a-t-ol-a-ee-dee felt a-dee-a-n-o-a-ee,
But we ne-buy a-fl-a-t-a-n-a-th-ose.
Dead with the rain we are half-issed away,
A-plen-ting the ma-ma-i-ta.
Dead you can be, not dead you can be,
We're a-tee-n-ga-sh-tee-w-a-pa-n.
Te-a-pl-a-n, te-a-pl-a-n, te-a-pl-a-n, te-a-pl-a-n.
Will you unwind it, trigger you're the man,
In turn, head me aground the moose.
The bear with silver will you come on the tip-glass,
A-boy you can walk it ag-nose.
Dead with the rain we are half-issed away,
A-pl-en-ting the ma-ma-i-ta.
Dead you can be, not dead you can be,
We're a-tee-n-ga-sh-tee-w-a-pa-n.
Dead with the rain we are half-issed away,
A-boy you can walk it ag-nose.
Thanks for watching!